It's the same, I say
I open measures I will not open myself
who will be because he's playing all
but no no
guess space riddle
they know that what exists here is the
woman's money as we have seen
between us and we have to return what
what we seek by understanding through
santa eulària what I 'm missing
money the candle but if I understood it the
return for the birds lands of the
children who come for the pump pouch
list
I'll see if I save I do not know if I 'll have gone to
plus
it's like breaking the door of the mind that
pay
well do you remember you would have
recognized among me has saved me you
of the ruin has saved back that no
I would have returned every last penny
thank you very much very nice
union and life that yes yes but beautiful
good analysis well thank you very much
friends
jaime ran jaime cable you're on time
who wins me is ridiculous I do not
import
my name is emeterio lopez and I have a
grocery store to make the
competition to the opposite has the
aluminum façade finally enter for
issue a credit to the bank and told me
that not to mention tomorrow they overcome some letters
the tragedy of the protest he describes
it's not annual
what is that is rather ugly
Hey, you gave my wife last night
twenty thousand dollars yes or no yes
I repeat in the language of Cervantes and you
gave my lady one hundred thousand last night
pesetas in cash very good
very good when they are given to you
talking gentleman but do not do it
fried in I recommend inside
but good that they look so much is that I have
hands on the face ok
Claudio has doubts that you think that
your'm also very well here and
third time and I was going for last
you gave my lady twenty last night
a thousand euros
I distributed so many that you had just given
something to some nuns I kept looking
and he came looking back has to
understand what he said
would save from some fat problem like to
me because it's that the bank's as far as
they saw that I had the thousand pesetas
they have released the ones that I had asked
is to see my life as I did not fool you
as it was true flat and so true so
sir banks are very useful for a
bitch to heal mine forgive me forgive me
hand the one with the money and not
you need money bet so much but
understand not when you give money to a
beautiful woman like mine understood that
you do not have any money and you need money
Well, do not ask, she had the illusion of
a coat of claws and a clock with
chain of everything that was not possible was
possible today suddenly I find myself with
Thank you to Mr. Claudio Martín
I can pay for my letters and continue with my
bright so that it bursts in front
they will understand my rage I have hardly seen
appear with the coat of claws and with
the clock and with the gold chain
Do you like quince meat and
Jelly did not cheer up the view because
It is not easy to believe that there is a
silly of the caliber and above you laugh that
I know someone much more foolish
still
there's a lot of silly loose out there good
gentlemen forgive my soul can you
rest
goodbye sir, I'm in a hurry, I want to
bring the news my wife and as here
they do not let him explain I know god
pay if you my father is goodbye and
when you go through my store and I
knows everything all is up to you and the
luminous more than anything says goodbye I do not know
forget the quince and nahal and soon
eulalia another candle to the health of this
gentleman
I am because explain to the health of your
money the money of yours ours
which he has aroused his jealousy
has become a dumbest fool that
lasted up to 20 thousand dollars
the daughter has given me
and canada
I do not regret it
the april is hey
for marriages out there this from
holland of the account that is where the
money, only for
ragged from Landolina
ibarra claudio